What was the last funny video you saw?
What do you do to get rid of stress?
What is something you are obsessed with?
What three words best describe you?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What’s your favorite number? Why?
What’s the most useful thing you own?
What’s your favorite way to waste time?
What is something popular now that annoys you?
What did you do on your last vacation?
When was the last time you worked incredibly hard?
Are you very active, or do you prefer to just relax in your free time?
What’s the best / worst thing about your work/school?
If you had intro music, what song would it be? Why?
If you could have any animal as a pet, what animal would you choose?
If you opened a business, what kind of business would it be?
Who is your favorite entertainer (comedian, musician, actor, etc.)?
Who had the biggest impact on the person you have become?
Where is the most beautiful place you have been?
Which is more important, having a great car or a great house? Why?
What do you bring with you everywhere you go?
How much time do you spend on the internet?
What is the most disgusting habit some people have?
Where is the worst place you have been stuck for a long time?
What is something that really annoys you but doesn’t bother most people?
What word or saying from the past do you think should come back?
How should success be measured? And by that measurement, who is the most successful person you know?
Was there ever an event in your life that defied explanation?
If you could learn the answer to one question about your future, what would the question be?
What benefit do you bring to the group when you hang out with friends?
What do you do to improve your mood when you are in a bad mood?
What is the silliest fear you have?
What are some things you want to accomplish before you die?
What are you best at?
What weird or useless talent do you have?
What was the best birthday wish or gift you’ve ever received?
What’s the best sitcom past or present?
What’s the best show currently on TV?
What will be the future of TV shows?
How often do you binge watch shows?
What’s the funniest TV series you have seen?
Which TV show do you want your life to be like?
How have TV shows changed over the years?
If you could bring back one TV show that was canceled, which one would you bring back?
What do you think about game shows? Do you have a favorite one?
What’s the most underrated or overrated TV show?
What do you think about reality TV? Why do you think it’s so popular?
Do you like reality TV shows? Why or why not? If so, which ones?
What is the most overrated movie?
What’s your favorite genre of movie?
Which do you prefer? Books or movies?
What movie scene choked you up the most?
Do you like documentaries? Why / why not?
What’s the worst movie you have seen recently?
What’s the strangest movie you have ever seen?
Do movies have the same power as books to change the world?
Do you prefer to watch movies in the theater or in the comfort of your own home?
What was the last book you read?
Do you prefer physical books or e-books?
What is the longest book you’ve read?
What book genres do you like to read?
What book has influenced you the most?
Do you prefer fiction or nonfiction books?
What was the last song you listened to?
What is your favorite movie soundtrack?
Do you like classical music?
What song always puts you in a good mood?
What’s the best way to discover new music?
Are there any songs that always bring a tear to your eye?
Which do you prefer, popular music or relatively unknown music?
Do you like going to concerts? Why or why not? What was the last concert you went to?
Who was the first band or musician you were really into? Do you still like them?
What are the three best apps on your phone?
What is the most useful app on your phone?
What’s the most addictive mobile game you have played?
How often do you check your phone?
What will phones be like in 10 years?
What sports do you like to watch?
Who are some of your favorite athletes?
Which sports do you like to play?
What is the hardest sport to excel at?
Who are the 3 greatest athletes of all time?
How much time do you spend watching sports in a week?
Do athletes deserve the high salaries they receive? Why or why not?
What defines a sport? Is fishing a sport? How about video game tournaments?
Do you play in any fantasy sports leagues? If so, how into fantasy sports are you?
Why do you think sports are common across almost all cultures present and past?
Which sport is the most exciting to watch? Which is the most boring to watch?
What’s the worst fast food restaurant?
If you opened a restaurant, what kind of food would you serve?
What is the strangest themed restaurant you have heard of?
Would you eat at a restaurant that was really dirty if the food was amazing?
Where would you like to travel next?
What is the longest plane trip you have taken?
What’s the best way to travel? (Plane, car, train, etc.)
Where is the most relaxing place you have been?
Do you prefer to go off the beaten path when you travel?
Have you traveled to any different countries? Which ones?
Where is the most awe-inspiring place you have been?
What’s the best thing about traveling? How about the worst thing?
What is your favorite piece of technology that you own?
What was the best invention of the last 50 years?
Does technology simplify life or make it more complicated?
Will technology save the human race or destroy it?
Which emerging technology are you most excited about?
What sci-fi movie or book would you like the future to be like?
What do you think the next big technological advance will be?
What technology from a science fiction movie would you most like to have?
What problems will technology solve in the next 5 years? What problems will it create?
What are your goals for the next two years?
How do you plan to make the world a better place?
Do you usually achieve the goals you set? Why or why not?
What is the best way to stay motivated and complete goals?
Do you prefer summer or winter activities?
What do you like to do in the spring?
Which do you prefer, fall or spring?
Which season are you most active in?
What’s the most refreshing thing on a hot summer day?
What’s the best thing to do on a cold winter day?
Where is the nicest place you have been to in fall?
What is your favorite thing to eat or drink in winter?
What is the biggest holiday for your family?
What is your favorite holiday?
What holidays have been over-commercialized?
Do you wish there were more or fewer holidays? Why?
What kinds of food do you usually eat on your favorite holiday?
If you had to get rid of a holiday, which would you get rid of? Why?
If you could make a holiday, what would it be like? What traditions would it have? What would people eat on your holiday?
How has the education you received changed your life?
How can technology improve education? Can it hurt education?
What or who has taught you most of the information you use regularly?
What is your favorite cuisine or type of food?
What foods do you absolutely hate?
What do you think of buffets?
When was the last time you had a food fight?
What food looks disgusting but tastes delicious?
If your life was a meal, what would kind of meal would it be?
What would you want your last meal to be if you were on death row?
What food do you know you shouldn’t eat but can’t stop yourself?
Do you like spicy food? Why or why not? What is the spiciest thing you have ever eaten?
If your mind were an island, what would it look like?
What flavor of ice cream do you wish existed?
If you had a personal mascot, what would your mascot be?
If you were a king/queen, what would your throne look like?
Time freezes for everyone but you for one day. What do you do?
You have to relive one day of your life forever. Which day do you choose?
A portal to another world opens in front of you. You don’t know how long it will stay open or if you’ll be able to get back after you go through. What do you do?